Chris Anderson persoanlly uploaded the Design Cosntraints and Data Flow Diagrams for this CS250 Project. 
All images are in the main pdf upload file.


3.7 Design Constraints
Specify design constrains imposed by other standards, company policies, hardware limitation, etc. that will impact this software project.


Some common design constraints that the app must follow the Payment Card Industry Security Standard, comply with data protection laws, 
adhere to company specific coding standards, and integrate with company databases. The software system must also fit UX standards such 
as screen resolution adaptation and adhere to UX design principles. If the app parties with any outside resources there should be 
reservations for the third-party advisors. Pay close attention to budget constraints along to ensure overspending does not occur. Lastly, 
network limitations can factor to poor performance. An engineer must have a thorough understanding about the 



4.3 Data Flow Diagrams (DFD)





The data flow diagram for Encore Ticketing Service depicts the center of most major data transfers. 
It all starts with the customer. Their information should be protected through each stage. The customer order processing,
shipping and contact are the three priorities he or she will face first. Each step holds a larger group of sub-steps that 
are purposely hidden from the user. This is to not overload the user with information. The processing of the order must
connect the transaction point which later branches into bank transparency and final purchases. The order processing also must
touch the users database which helps the app remember and collect the customer's product information securely. The shipping aspect 
of the transaction must work alongside a third party shipping company.  Here the shipping company passes along the user's location 
and purchase history to award the correct product to the user. Then the company must update both their product and the 
app's information. The last of the three sections is the communication center. Here a speedy update of the users data and any 
confirmation or follow up messages should be sent to the customer to ensure they are aware of each step of the process explained above. 
